web_dialog_size/README.rst, before:

Expand Dialog
=============

A module that lets the user expand a dialog box to the full screen width.

It is named web_dialog_size as it could be extended to propose other dialog size management feature.


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_dialog_size%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Anthony Muschang <anthony.muschang@acsone.eu>
* Stéphane Bidoul <stephane.bidoul@acsone.eu>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] web_dialog_size: Select default dialog size by config
* [IMP] web_dialog_size: Put dialog size expanded by default

* [REM] web_popup_large: By duplication of the functionality

* [IMP] web_dialog_size: README and contributors

* [ADD] configuration parameter for default behavior

[FIX] return super's promise
[IMP] use fontawesome icons for buttons

web_dialog_size/README.rst, after:

Expand Dialog
=============

A module that lets the user expand/restore the dialog box size through a button
in the upper right corner (mimicking most windows managers). By default,
all dialog boxes are expanded.

Configuration
=============

By default, the module respects the caller's `dialog_size` option. If you want
to override this and have all dialogs maximized by default, set the configuration
parameter `web_dialog_size.default_maximize` to `1`.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Anthony Muschang <anthony.muschang@acsone.eu>
* Stéphane Bidoul <stephane.bidoul@acsone.eu>
* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@serviciosbaeza.com>
* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
