web_advanced_search_x2x/README.rst, before:

Search for x2x records in advanced search
=========================================

Standard behavior in advanced search for one2many, many2many and many2one fields is to do a `name_search`. This often is not satisfactionary as you might want to search for other properties. There might also be cases where you don't exactly know what you're searching for, then a list of possible options is necessary too. This module enables you to have a full search view to select the record in question, and either select specific records or select them using a search query of its own.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* open the advanced search options in a search view
* select a one2many, many2many or many2one field
* select operator `is equal to` or `is not equal to`
* the textfield changes to a many2one selection field where you can search for the record in question

To search for properties of linked records (ie invoices for customers with a credit limit higher than X):

* open the advanced search options in a search view
* select a one2many, many2many or many2one field
* select operator `is in selection`
* in the search view that pops up, select the criteria
* click `Use criteria`
* if you're only interested in certain records, mark them en click `Select`
* if you want to change your selection afterwards, click the search symbol right of the selection term

In both cases, don't forget to click `Apply` to actually execute the search.

Note that you can stack searching for properties: Simply add another advanced search in the selection search window. You can do this indefinetely, so it is possible to search for moves belonging to a journal which has a user who is member of a certain group etc.

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
    :alt: Odoo Community Association
    :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[BKP] Backported to version 7.0, very little to do , just js and css inclusion and a small js modification to keep the search visible after closing popups.

web_advanced_search_x2x/README.rst, after:

Search for x2x records in advanced search
=========================================

Standard behavior in advanced search for one2many, many2many and many2one fields is to do a `name_search`. This often is not satisfactionary as you might want to search for other properties. There might also be cases where you don't exactly know what you're searching for, then a list of possible options is necessary too. This module enables you to have a full search view to select the record in question, and either select specific records or select them using a search query of its own.

Backported from 8.0 to 7.0, the same functionality that appears in the new v8 search area will appear in the v7 search dropdown. 
To improve usability a small javascript modification has been introduced so that the main search popup doesn't close when closing the advanced search domain popups.



Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* open the advanced search options in a search view
* select a one2many, many2many or many2one field
* select operator `is equal to` or `is not equal to`
* the textfield changes to a many2one selection field where you can search for the record in question

To search for properties of linked records (ie invoices for customers with a credit limit higher than X):

* open the advanced search options in a search view
* select a one2many, many2many or many2one field
* select operator `is in selection`
* in the search view that pops up, select the criteria
* click `Use criteria`
* if you're only interested in certain records, mark them en click `Select`
* if you want to change your selection afterwards, click the search symbol right of the selection term

In both cases, don't forget to click `Apply` to actually execute the search.

Note that you can stack searching for properties: Simply add another advanced search in the selection search window. You can do this indefinetely, so it is possible to search for moves belonging to a journal which has a user who is member of a certain group etc.

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
    :alt: Odoo Community Association
    :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
