web_m2x_options/README.rst, before:

==================================
Add new options for many2one field
==================================


Description
-----------

This modules modifies "many2one" form fields so as to add some new display
control options.

** New: support many2manytags widget ! **

Options provided includes possibility to remove "Create..." and/or "Create and
Edit..." entries from many2one drop down. You can also change default number of
proposition appearing in the drop-down. Or prevent the dialog box poping in
case of validation error.

If not specified, the module will avoid proposing any of the create options
if the current user have no permission rights to create the related object.


Requirements
------------

Was tested on openerp v7.0


New option
----------

``create`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display the "Create..." entry in dropdown panel.

``create_edit`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display "Create and Edit..." entry in dropdown panel

``m2o_dialog`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display the many2one dialog in case of validation error.

``limit`` *int* (Default: openerp default value is ``7``)

  Number of displayed record in drop-down panel


Example
-------

Your XML form view definition could contain::

    ...
    <field name="partner_id" options="{'limit': 10, 'create': false, 'create_edit': false}"/>
    ...

Note
----

Double check that you have no inherited view that remote ``options`` you set on a field ! 
If nothing work, add a debugger in the first ligne of ``get_search_result method`` and enable debug mode in OpenERP. When you write something in a many2one field, javascript debugger should pause. If not verify your installation.

Commit message:

new: [web_m2x_options] add ir_config_parameter to have system wide setup.

web_m2x_options/README.rst, after:

==================================
Add new options for many2one field
==================================


Description
-----------

This modules modifies "many2one" and "many2manytags" form fields so as to add some new display
control options.

**New: support many2manytags widget !**

**New: support global option management with ir.config_parameter !**

Options provided includes possibility to remove "Create..." and/or "Create and
Edit..." entries from many2one drop down. You can also change default number of
proposition appearing in the drop-down. Or prevent the dialog box poping in
case of validation error.

If not specified, the module will avoid proposing any of the create options
if the current user have no permission rights to create the related object.


Requirements
------------

Was tested on openerp saas-3, saas-4 branch


New option
----------

``create`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display the "Create..." entry in dropdown panel.

``create_edit`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display "Create and Edit..." entry in dropdown panel

``m2o_dialog`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display the many2one dialog in case of validation error.

``limit`` *int* (Default: openerp default value is ``7``)

  Number of displayed record in drop-down panel

ir.config_parameter options
---------------------------

Now you can disable "Create..." and "Create and Edit..." entry for all fields in the odoo instance.
If you disable one option, you can enable it for particular field by setting "create: True" option directly on the field definition.

``web_m2x_options.create`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display the "Create..." entry in dropdown panel for all fields in the odoo instance.

``web_m2x_options.create_edit`` *boolean* (Default: depends if user have create rights)

  Whether to display "Create and Edit..." entry in dropdown panel for all fields in the odoo instance.

``web_m2x_options.limit`` *int* (Default: openerp default value is ``7``)

  Number of displayed record in drop-down panel for all fields in the odoo instance

To add these parameters go to Configuration -> Technical -> Parameters -> System Parameters and add new parameters like:

- web_m2x_options.create: False
- web_m2x_options.create_edit: False
- web_m2x_options.limit: 10


Example
-------

Your XML form view definition could contain::

    ...
    <field name="partner_id" options="{'limit': 10, 'create': false, 'create_edit': false}"/>
    ...

Note
----

Double check that you have no inherited view that remote ``options`` you set on a field ! 
If nothing work, add a debugger in the first ligne of ``get_search_result method`` and enable debug mode in OpenERP. When you write something in a many2one field, javascript debugger should pause. If not verify your installation.
