web_sheet_full_width/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=============================
Form view sheet at full width
=============================

This module was written to extend the functionality of the web client
to get full width in the form view sheet.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/162/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

* Icon courtesy of http://www.picol.org/ (size_width.svg)

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>
* Nicolas JEUDY - Sudokeys (https://github.com/njeudy)
* Stephane (SOLIBRE) <stephane@omerp.net>
* Sylvain LE GAL (https://twitter.com/legalsylvain)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] Increased version and add enterprise comment to the README.

web_sheet_full_width/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=============================
Form view sheet at full width
=============================

This module was written to extend the functionality of the web client
to get full width in the form view sheet.

This module works in community edition and in enterprise edition.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/162/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

* Icon courtesy of http://www.picol.org/ (size_width.svg)

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>
* Nicolas JEUDY - Sudokeys (https://github.com/njeudy)
* Stephane (SOLIBRE) <stephane@omerp.net>
* Sylvain LE GAL (https://twitter.com/legalsylvain)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
