web_readonly_bypass/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Read Only ByPass
================

This module provides a solution to the problem of the interaction between
'readonly' attribute and 'on_change' attribute when used together. It allows
saving onchange modifications to readonly fields.

Behavior: add readonly fields changed by `on_change` methods to the values
passed to write or create. If `readonly_by_pass` is in the context and
True then by pass readonly fields and save its change.

Installation
============

There are no specific installation instructions for this module.

Configuration
=============

There is nothing to configure.

Usage
=====

This module changes the behaviour of Odoo by propagating
on_change modifications to readonly fields to the backend create and write
methods.

To change that behavior you have to set context on ``ur.actions.act_window``::

    <record id="sale.action_quotations" model="ir.actions.act_window">
        <field name="context">{'readonly_by_pass': True}</field>
    </record>

or by telling fields allow to change::

    <record id="sale.action_quotations" model="ir.actions.act_window">
        <field name="context">
            {'readonly_by_pass': ['readonly_field_1', 'readonly_field_2',]}
        </field>
    </record>

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

 * At this point, bypass on a field on o2m field (like field on sale order line)
   are not working, because context from action is not take on consideration
   when loosing focus on the line in the ``BufferedDataSet`` js Class.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_readonly_bypass%0Aversion:%208.0.1.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Laetitia Gangloff <laetitia.gangloff@acsone.eu>
* Pierre Verkest <pverkest@anybox.fr>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

combine context, Get windows_action context in BufferedDataSet Class

web_readonly_bypass/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Read Only ByPass
================

This module provides a solution to the problem of the interaction between
'readonly' attribute and 'on_change' attribute when used together. It allows
saving onchange modifications to readonly fields.

Behavior: add readonly fields changed by `on_change` methods to the values
passed to write or create. If `readonly_by_pass` is in the context and
True then it will by pass readonly fields and save its data provide by onchange
method.

Installation
============

There are no specific installation instructions for this module.

Configuration
=============

There is nothing to configure.

Usage
=====

This module changes the behaviour of Odoo by propagating
on_change modifications to readonly fields to the backend create and write
methods.

To change that behavior you have to set context on ``ur.actions.act_window``::

    <record id="sale.action_quotations" model="ir.actions.act_window">
        <field name="context">{'readonly_by_pass': True}</field>
    </record>

or by telling fields allowed to change::

    <record id="sale.action_quotations" model="ir.actions.act_window">
        <field name="context">
            {'readonly_by_pass': ['readonly_field_1', 'readonly_field_2',]}
        </field>
    </record>

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

 *

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_readonly_bypass%0Aversion:%208.0.1.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Jonathan Nemry <jonathan.nemry@acsone.eu>
* Laetitia Gangloff <laetitia.gangloff@acsone.eu>
* Pierre Verkest <pverkest@anybox.fr>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
