web_environment_ribbon/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Web Environment Ribbon
======================

Mark a Test Environment with a red ribbon on the top left corner in every page

.. image:: /web_environment_ribbon/static/description/screenshot.png
    :alt: Screenshot

Installation
============

 * No special setup

Configuration
=============

 * You can change the ribbon's name ("TEST") by editing
   the default system parameter "ribbon.name"
   (in the menu Settings > Parameters > System Parameters)
   To hide the ribbon, set this parameter to "False" or
   delete it.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need only to install it. After installation, a red
ribbon will be visible on top left corner of every Odoo backend page


Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Allow to define in some place (system parameter, configuration file...) the
  ribbon color.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_environment_ribbon%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Francesco Apruzzese <cescoap@gmail.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[UPD] web_environment_ribbon: README.rst update and version fix * Fix module version (OCA Guidelines) * Update README file with latest modifications

web_environment_ribbon/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

Web Environment Ribbon
======================

Mark a Test Environment with a red ribbon on the top left corner in every page

.. image:: /web_environment_ribbon/static/description/screenshot.png
    :alt: Screenshot

Installation
============

No special setup

Configuration
=============

* You can change the ribbon's name ("TEST") by editing the default system
  parameter "ribbon.name" (in the menu Settings > Parameters > System
  Parameters) To hide the ribbon, set this parameter to "False" or delete it.
* You can customize the ribbon color and background color through system
  parameters: "ribbon.color", "ribbon.background.color". Fill with valid CSS
  colors or just set to "False" to use default values.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need only to install it. After installation, a red
ribbon will be visible on top left corner of every Odoo backend page

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and
welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_environment_ribbon%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Francesco Apruzzese <cescoap@gmail.com>
* Javi Melendez <javimelex@gmail.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
