web_menu_collapsible/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Collapsible menu
================

This module makes all menus collapsible for all users.

Second level menus are collapsed by default.

.. image:: /web_menu_collapsible/static/description/menu_collapsible_1.png
    :alt: In case first level menu is collapsed, click it to expand.

.. image:: /web_menu_collapsible/static/description/menu_collapsible_2.png
    :alt: In case first level menu is expanded, click it to collapse.


Configuration
=============

No configuration is needed.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/162/8.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed `feedback
<https://github.com/OCA/
web/issues/new?body=module:%20
web_menu_collapsible%0Aversion:%20
8.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dennis Sluijk <d.sluijk@onestein.nl>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Added Known issues / Roadmap on description

web_menu_collapsible/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Collapsible menu
================

This module makes all menus collapsible for all users.

Second level menus are collapsed by default.

.. image:: /web_menu_collapsible/static/description/menu_collapsible_1.png
    :alt: In case first level menu is collapsed, click it to expand.

.. image:: /web_menu_collapsible/static/description/menu_collapsible_2.png
    :alt: In case first level menu is expanded, click it to collapse.


Configuration
=============

No configuration is needed.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/162/8.0


Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* There's no visual hint about the collapsed/uncollapsed state of a menu on second level menus


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed `feedback
<https://github.com/OCA/
web/issues/new?body=module:%20
web_menu_collapsible%0Aversion:%20
8.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dennis Sluijk <d.sluijk@onestein.nl>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
